Added linking section to intro, misc edits (#77)
XAITK/xaitk-saliency: docs/introduction.rst

Saliency Algorithms
-------------------

> The xaitk-saliency package provides two types of black-box algorithms to create explanations: **image perturbation
> algorithms** that generate perturbed images and **saliency algorithms** that generate saliency heatmaps based on the
> black-box observations of the resulting perturbed images.
> 
> The saliency algorithms can be organized into three classes according to their respective tasks:
> 
> * **Image classification** - Randomized Input Sampling for Explanation (RISE) and RISEScoring algorithms, and the
>   OcclusionScoring algorithm
> 
> * **Image similarity** - the Similarity Based Saliency Maps (SBSM) algorithm
> 
> * **Object detection** - D-RISE and D-RISEScoring algorithms
> 
> In addition, there are stacked (end-to-end) implementations for image classification that use multiple algorithms:
> 
> *  RISEStack (which uses the RISEGrid perturbation and the RISEScoring saliency algorithms), and
> *  SlidingWindowStack (which uses the SlidingWindows perturbation and the OcclusionScoring saliency
>    algorithms).
> 
> .. note:: Stacked implementations are planned in the future for the image similarity and object detection task domains.
> 
> The sections that follow describe the interfaces available for perturbing images and generating the saliency heatmaps,
> and the implementations for which the algorithms are candidates.

Reviewer: I think this is a good step in the right direction. My sense is that we only need to introduce at a high level the different saliency algorithms, without necessarily referencing to their exact implementation in the package. I imagine that this section is something a new user would visit to better understand what specific algorithms are available to them and how they map to the existing XAI literature.

I've made some suggested changes below (newlines have to fixed and open to discussion):

```suggestion
The xaitk-saliency package currently provides several black-box XAI algorithms. These algorithms follow a general pattern composed of two sequential steps: **image perturbation** followed by **heatmap generation**. **Image perturbation** involves generating perturbed versions of the input image by applying a set of perturbation masks. **Heatmap generation** involves generating saliency heatmaps based on how the black-box model outputs change as a result of image perturbation. This technical design choice allows for modularization of the **image perturbation** and **heatmap generation** components of the algorithm. Additionally, by formulating the algorithms in this manner, the exact operation of the black-box model is not needed by the algorithm and is flexible to be determined by the user.

The saliency algorithms can also be roughly organized according to their respective tasks:

TODO: Maybe make this into a table?
* **Image classification** - Occlusion-based Saliency [1] and Randomized Input Sampling for Explanation (RISE) [2]

* **Image similarity** - Similarity Based Saliency Maps (SBSM) algorithm [3]

* **Object detection** - Detector-RISE (D-RISE) [4]

TODO: Add references here
[1]
[2]
[3]
[4]
```

Author: Yes this looks good to me, thanks, other than the table (I think that'd be overkill with just 4 algorithms).

Author: One clarification needed @brianhhu: 

> by formulating the algorithms in this manner, the exact operation of the black-box model is not needed by the algorithm and is flexible to be determined by the user.

are you saying the model is flexible and can accept an algorithm chosen by the use?

Reviewer: Maybe this is somewhat clearer?

> Additionally, by formulating the algorithms in this manner, knowledge of the exact operation of the black-box model is not needed by the algorithm and can be flexibly determined by the user.

The main point is that the black-box model being used can be anything from the perspective of the XAI algorithm, i.e. 1) the XAI algorithm only cares about the inputs/outputs of this black box, and 2) the black-box algorithm is something the user is free to choose and configure in any way according to the problem domain. There may be some confusion with how we use "algorithm", and whether it refers to the XAI component or the underlying black-box model.

> Saliency Algorithms
> --------------------------------

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Saliency Algorithms
-------------------
```

.. Discuss the provided xaitk-saliency algorithms in terms of the above.

The xaitk-saliency API consists of a number of object-oriented interfaces for saliency heatmap generation, which
focus on black-box visual saliency. Three types of implementations of these interfaces are provided: Image
Perturbation, Heatmap Generation, and End-to-End Saliency Generation.

> Image Perturbation
> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Image Perturbation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

> These implementations are occlusion-based saliency algorithms that perform perturbations on image pixels.

Reviewer: Technically, there is no saliency at this step (we only generate a set of perturbation masks which is then used for downstream saliency computation):

```suggestion
These implementations are occlusion-based algorithms that perform perturbations on image pixels.
```

Author: done

> * RISEGrid - Transforms an input reference image into a number of mask matrices indicating the perturbed regions and
>   generates an importance map indicating how salient each pixel is for the model's prediction.
>   See the "DRISE" Jupyter Notebook example.

Reviewer: Updating based on the fact that this implementation doesn't involve saliency computation.

```suggestion
* RISEGrid - Transforms an input reference image into a number of grid-based mask matrices indicating the perturbed regions. See the "DRISE" Jupyter Notebook example.
```

Author: done

* SlidingRadial - Produces perturbation matrices generated by sliding a radial occlusion area with configured radius
  over the area of an image. When the two radius values are the same, circular masks are generated; otherwise,
  elliptical masks are generated. See the "Radial_Image_Perturbation" and "atari_deepRL_saliency"
  Jupyter Notebook examples.

* SlidingWindow - Produces perturbation matrices based on hard, block-y occlusion areas as generated by sliding a
  window of a configured size over the area of an image. See the "SimilarityScoring" Jupyter Notebook example.

> Heatmap Generation
> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Heatmap Generation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

>   window of a configured sizse over the area of an image. See the "SimilarityScoring" Jupyter Notebook example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  window of a configured size over the area of an image. See the "SimilarityScoring" Jupyter Notebook example.
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
These implementations transform black-box image classification scores into saliency heatmaps.

* DRISEScoring - Transforms black-box object detector predictions into visual saliency heatmaps.
  See the "DRISE" Jupyter Notebook example.

> * OcculsionScoring - Transforms black-box image classification scores into saliency heatmaps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* OcclusionScoring - Transforms black-box image classification scores into saliency heatmaps.
```

  This should require a sequence of per-class confidences predicted on the reference image, a number of per-class
  confidences as predicted on perturbed images, as well as the masks of the reference image perturbations.

>   See the "SuperPixelSaliency" Jupyter Notebook example.

Reviewer: Both `OcclusionScoring` here and `RISEScoring` are used internally in the stacked implementations below, although somewhat hidden from the user in the `OcclusionSaliency` notebook. It might still be worth mentioning here though.

Author: I added this note to each bullet (highlighted in bold) is that what you were intending?

* OcclusionScoring - Transforms black-box image classification scores into saliency heatmaps.
  This should require a sequence of per-class confidences predicted on the reference image, a number of per-class
  confidences as predicted on perturbed images, as well as the masks of the reference image perturbations.
  See the "SuperPixelSaliency" Jupyter Notebook example **(also used internally in the OcclusionSaliency notebook)**.

* RISEScoring - Generates saliency maps that are based on the original RISE implementation,
  utilizing only the input perturbed image confidence predictions and not the reference image confidences
  **(also used internally in the OcclusionSaliency notebook)**.

* RISEScoring - Generates saliency maps that are based on the original RISE implementation,
  utilizing only the input perturbed image confidence predictions and not the reference image confidences
  (also used internally in the "OcclusionSaliency" notebook).

* SimilarityScoring - Transforms proximity in feature space into saliency heatmaps.
  See the "SimilarityScoring" Jupyter Notebook example.

> End-to-End Saliency Generation
> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
End-to-End Saliency Generation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```
